add dockerfile in docs (#3917)
conan-io/docs: integrations/ros.rst

    **Pre-requisites to run the example:**

>     1. In order to run the example, it is exepected that you have an Ubuntu environment (22.04 LTS preferred) with `ROS2 Humble version installed <https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debs.html>`_. You can use this Docker File that use the ``osrf/ros:humble-desktop``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In order to run the example, it is expected that you have an Ubuntu environment (22.04 LTS preferred) with `ROS2 Humble version installed <https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debs.html>`_. For convenience, you can also use this Docker File instead:
```

       .. code-block:: docker

           FROM osrf/ros:humble-desktop
           RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y \
           curl \
           python3-pip \

>            git \

Reviewer: Add nav2_msgs to support blogpost example at https://github.com/conan-io/examples2/pull/168
```suggestion
           git \
           ros-humble-nav2-msgs \
```
